(upbeat music)
- The white chin looks good.
♪ Oh yes it do ♪
- That boys not down here yet?
- I thought he was upstairs
with you getting dressed.
- I'm a man now,
knowing that I'm a man.
Gotta have my face looking good.
- Dwight Jerome Hawkins.
- Yes sir.
- If you make me late for
this meeting you really
gonna get it, do you hear
what I'm telling you?
- Yes sir.
- Now get that stuff off your face
and hurry up and get downstairs.
(upbeat music)
- How you doing Mrs. Jones?
- Mr. Hawkins.
- More like Mr. Big Head.
(children laughing)
- [Mrs. Jones] Quiet please.
- Look Mrs. Jones, if
he gives you any problem
don't hesitate to call me.
- I sure will.
Dwight you may take a seat please.
- Thank you guys for this
meeting today, I'm so excited.
Listen, I want to build a church
right off Chrysler Freeway.
I know what you're thinking.
Let me show you my budget, my plan.
- I'm gonna stop you right here Hawkins.
How can you tell what I'm thinking?
I know we promised you,
but right now can't do it.
- But I know I was called
to make a difference here.
I mean I grew
up right around the corner.
- You can always worship
in the fellowship hall.
And please don't let this affect
your dedication to the ministry.
(upbeat music)
♪ Suzy Rock if you want
more record sales ♪
♪ Gotta show more of your self ♪
♪ Nowadays sex sells ♪
♪ First Timothy 2:9 dress
myself in modest apparel ♪
♪ Or they can keep
my album on shelf ♪
♪ 'Cause I ain't trying
to be a star ♪
♪ My God made the solar system ♪
♪ Pride come before the fall ♪
♪ Boast in Christ and his crucifixion ♪
♪ I don't wont my head to grow
larger than Bob the Builder ♪
♪ Walk after the spirit ♪
♪ Wont fulfill the flesh
when you're tempted ♪
♪ I'm sold out like a
Cheetah Girls concert ♪
♪ Staying in his fold like
the pleats on a tennis skirt ♪
♪ God is my just reward steadily
seeking his kingdom first ♪
♪ Never trade his presence for treasure ♪
♪ So what is this world worth ♪
♪ So what ♪
♪ Let the world
say what they want ♪
♪ 'Cause Ive been freed
and washed by his blood ♪
♪ It's more than enough
it's more than enough ♪
♪ So what so what so
what so what so what ♪
♪ So what so what ♪
- Candice man, she put it
on me the other night guys.
She put it on me for real.
♪ I don't care I don't care ♪
("So What" by Suzy Rock)
♪ And I say no often to
what the world's offering ♪
♪ Flesh is in a coffin
I'm dead women walking ♪
♪ Christ leads my
feet like we waltzing ♪
♪ Carries my loads like
a caddy to a golfer ♪
♪ More power than Austin ♪
♪ So if you ain't talking
about how God is awesome ♪
♪ You can cover your
mouth like your coughing ♪
♪ If my appetite is not for
God I'd rather starve then ♪
♪ Let the world keep talking ♪
♪ So what I am God's kid ♪
♪ So What ♪
♪ Let the world
say what they want ♪
♪ 'Cause I've been freed
and washed by his blood ♪
♪ It's more than enough ♪
♪ So what so what ♪
♪ So what I don't really care ♪
♪ So what ♪
♪ I don't really care
I don't really care ♪
♪ So what so what ♪
♪ Let the world
say what they want ♪
♪ 'Cause Ive been freed
and washed by his blood ♪
♪ It's more than enough
it's more than enough ♪
♪ So what so what so
what so what so what ♪
♪ So what so what ♪
♪ So what I don't really
care I don't really care ♪
♪ So what ♪
(cell phone buzzing)
- [Candice] It's your dad.
- Stop Candy.
- [Candice] Answer the
phone it's your dad, here.
- You pops, yeah.
Yeah I'll be right there,
it's this traffic on 94.
I'll be right there
pop, yeah in a minute.
Dang.
- What, why you
looking at me like that?
- Candy you know you should
have woke me up, I'm late.
You got me late again.
(calm music)
I'll be back.
- You better so we can
finish what we started.
- Pop, sorry I'm late,
the traffic is crazy.
- How you gonna be Foreman
and you're the last one here?
- I ain't been late for three weeks.
- And I ain't
been laid in 22 years.
You need to do what God
has called you to do,
and stop messing around with that girl.
- My girl, what my girl
got to do with this?
- Deacon Horace we done heard from you.
Ida what do you think?
- Bishop I oppose, and I
strongly oppose and you know why.
- Jarred?
- I agree with Deaconess Scott.
- Tell us something we didn't know.
- Reasons?
- I mean same as hers.
I just don't think it's right.
First Ebenezer is small.
But their rehab ministry is awesome.
Think about it, we
have the money to build
a parking structure on our present campus.
Why should we virtually steal from them?
- 'Cause they can't pay their mortgage.
Look, if we take that structure
at the top of the hill
at the end of the strip mall,
it will generate multiple
streams of income.
- And multiple liability.
Look, if anything we should be generous
and help them pay off
their defaulted mortgage.
- We've spent way
too much time on this.
Look, I understand you don't
know that much about business.
But the insurance will
cover the liabilities.
Now look Bishop, we got 57 churches
in this neighborhood all around here.
We can go ahead and
initiate that consolidation.
Now they might have a
nice little ministry.
Let them bring it here.
They got nice little ministries
for druggies and crack babies.
Put bishop name it, make
them look real good.
Look, it'll be one less eyesore
for the thoroughfare out there Bishop.
I'd say that's a done deal.
- Jarred, Ida.
Missionary work is one thing.
Having church business is
a whole nother other thing.
It's a done deal, next?
- Bishop, Wayward is in the front
waiting to talk what about his salary.
- Minister who wants what?
- You agreed to
talk to him in private.
- Private my hind parts.
He is selfish, old selfish greedy rascal.
He better not be coming up
here asking for another raise.
Ruby send him on in here.
- He done lost his mind Bishop.
- Yeah well that ain't the only thing
he about to lose, he ain't careful.
What?
- Bishop hold on man, wait a minute.
First I thought.
- Well you thought wrong.
That's the problem here, you thought.
We don't pay you to think,
we pay you to play music.
I think around here, that's my job.
They get paid to think, not you.
Matter fact, you really about to.
- Bishop, Bishop, can
I speak, can I talk?
- What you got to say, Wayward what?
'Cause you went and been here
quite a few times this year alone.
- All I wanted to
say is that Mount Nebo
has made me an
offer, a 25% pay increase.
I need that money Bishop.
Now you know I love this
church and I want to stay here.
I've been here for 20 years man,
serving, playing, teaching.
But I got a family man,
I gotta support them.
And look, we all know
how you living Bishop.
- Now see that's where
you made your mistake.
Coming up here talking about
anything about how I'm living.
Much money as I paying you.
What is wrong with you?
Mr. Wayward you done lost your way.
But I'm gonna help you
find it, your fired.
- What?
- That's what.
Hurry up and get
him up out of here.
Get him up out of here,
that's the way it is.
That's what you get.
- You cursing yourself man.
- Yeah well, you get up out
of here today, that's right.
He must be crazy.
Mount Nebo is robbing people
left and right with a shotgun.
All that money I'm giving him.
He got harp and a car, a
Mercedez, and the time share too.
Look what he done bought with the money
I give him on time every week.
It's a low down dirty shame.
(coughing)
Give me my coat, I need some
air, fresh air up out here.
Anybody else around here feel
like they deserve a raise?
Get the rest of them
musicians on the phone Ida.
Tell them if they want some more money,
go rob a bank.
(coughing)
- You okay there, Bishop.
- [Bishop] I'm fine.
- You sure.
- All right Bishop, man
that cough sounds bad.
(coughing)
♪ Lord I don't deserve you mercy ♪
♪ That's why I
love you serve you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Lord I don't deserve your grace ♪
How you doing sir?
- Good.
How are you?
- Bishop Wright.
- That's right.
- How long you been standing there?
- I've just been standing
here for a minute.
- I'm working, but I was
just singing a little bit.
- I see what you're doing.
You
laying brick for living singing like that?
- Well my dad is Pastor Hawkins,
we own this construction company.
- You the son of Pastor Hawkins?
- Yeah, that's my dad.
- I know your daddy.
Where the rest of your workers?
- They went on the lunch.
I came in late, so they
make me work through lunch.
You know how it is.
- Beautiful.
- Oh yeah, I was just admiring
the beautiful edifice you have here.
- No I'm talking about
your voice son, your voice.
I mean really anointed.
- Thank you.
- I need you to sing
it here at the church.
- Oh yeah I'd love to come
and fill in with the group.
- No you gonna come
in on Sunday and sing.
(board bangs)
I know it's short notice,
day after tomorrow.
But I want you to come in and
sing the sermonic selection.
- Bishop I don't know if you
want me to come in and sing it.
- Yeah indeed, I want you.
- This Sunday?
- This Sunday.
You met my son Jarred yet?
- I don't believe I have.
- He run the administration
in the building.
He's right there in the office.
You's an answer to a prayer boy.
We'll see what the Deacons have
to say when you sing Sunday.
- Like when the bishop walked
away, he turned that corner
I like to passed out for real.
I ain't meet his son Jarred,
but I did talk to his secretary.
And his secretary said,
Sunday morning be ready 9:30 a.m. sharp.
You hear that you hit
Amara, 9:30 a.m. sharp.
And daddy you should have
saw his face light up
when I told him I was Pastor
Hawkin's son yes sir doc.
- So you gonna
be at our church Sunday?
- I can't walk you to
church this Sunday okay.
You on your own.
- Give us a month, we
gonna own that spot man.
And we gonna be the finest
bastards in the building.
- I sure hope
this means you're gonna be
finding yourself a new first lady.
What, don't be looking at me like that.
I'm talking about your
nasty little girlfriend.
What's her name, Cindy,
Charise, Candy, whatever.
Tell me why men with such heavy anointings
seem to love such heathenish women.
- Why don't you shut up sometime?
Mama please let me beat
her like I like I used to.
For real though, why you gonna
call me out in front of everybody?
Everybody know I'm in sin.
Everybody know I got a fornication issue.
Now you gonna blast me out.
Hey Candy.
- I'm ready to par-tay.
And your girl is getting
a drink on tonight.
I'm letting you know
that right off the bat.
- I need to talk to you.
Candace we need to talk.
- Can't it wait, we
gonna be late, let's go.
- This is serious.
- What, what, don't freeze up now.
- Why are you yelling and
everything, like calm down.
- Okay, all right.
- Look baby, you know I love you.
You my girl, my baby.
And I'm so serious about you.
- But what, stop stalling Dwight.
- It's hard enough as it is.
Can you just relax for a minute?
- Dwight Jerome Eli Lamont Hawkins.
If you don't open
your mouth and spill it.
- Okay, dang I just can't.
I can't.
I can't, look God just
opened a major door for me.
And I'm sitting here standing
at the threshold of it.
And I'm realizing I can't
keep living this way.
I cannot, I can't do it.
I just can't.
- You can't, you can't do what Dwight?
- I can't keep shacking, there it is.
I can't keep fornicating.
I can't keep laying up with you.
Now, there you have it.
I got to do something different.
I want something different.
So I was thinking about it.
Tonight we can skip the party and just
go like get something
to eat, and afterwards.
- And afterwards what?
- Afterwards I go home, no sex.
- Okay, just today you
was over at my house,
laying up and parlaying
with me, lounged up.
You was late for work.
Oh yeah you was real content then.
But now you just gonna flip the script
at the drop of a dime without
even a real explanation.
You done straight lost your mind.
- Now Candice, why you gonna turn this
into something bigger than
what it is I just told you?
- Don't Candice me.
Why are you doing this to me?
Oh I see, is it
'cause the rent is due?
- Don't even try
to play me like that.
You know I take care
of my part of the rent.
I'm just trying to be a better man.
I'm trying to do something different now.
- Is it me, you
don't want me no more?
You don't love me no more?
Baby wait, you don't like
the way I put it on you?
You know baby.
- Look wat, hold on hold on
hold on, I'm so serious though.
I can't do it,
I can't do it no more.
It's not that I don't love you.
It's not that I don't want you.
But I want my destiny.
Now look if you
willing to go with me,
and make the sacrifice with me,
I promise you everything gonna be better.
Look like it's gonna be
so good that it's gonna
be better than either one
of us could even imagine.
I just need you to hold up,
and let me work this out with God.
Now are you with me?
- With you?
- Yeah.
- I've been with you
from the very beginning.
And so now you call it
what we've been doing foul.
Man you deep, real deep.
I never would have thought that
you would play me like that.
That you would ever want to leave me.
- Leave you, you wanna--
- Don't, you know how I am.
You know who I
am, and what I'm about.
I've been like that from day one.
I ain't never gonna change.
I understand, I'm straight, I'm cool.
See a chick like me would never fit
into your pentecostal plans boo.
Never have and never
will, I'm out of here.
- Are you serious?
- Shut up, goodbye.
- Like calm, Candice.
(dramatic music)
♪ Give me the drums ♪
♪ Let's get this praise on ♪
- Dwight, you gonna help your mother?
- I'm sorry.
She said 9:30 a.m. sharp,
hold it right there Mama.
- I know, I know.
Dwight.
Did I tell you I'm proud of you?
- Mama like the hundredth
time, like all day yesterday.
- Oh okay.
Is Candace gonna be there?
- We just, we broke up.
- Well I just want you to know
that we're praying for her.
- Okay.
- Okay?
- All right.
- All right let's go.
- Ain't God been good to you?
Ain't the Lord been good to you?
And I had to stop in my
tracks because I mean
I heard the Holy Ghost singing.
The Holy Ghost began to sing
a song through this young man.
I had to stop in my tracks.
- First time?
- How'd you know?
- Don't worry, you'll be all right.
- His name is Dwight Hawkins,
his parents are here.
Give them a hand as they turn
around, give them a big hand.
Stand up his parents.
Put your hands,
I want to receive them,
and receive him as he comes forward,
our psalmist for the hour,
doing a sermonic selection,
Mr. Dwight, Minister Dwight Hawkins.
(calm music)
♪ Father ♪
♪ We are all here to worship ♪
♪ Came to praise you yeah yeah ♪
♪ And father ♪
♪ We are so
sincere to show you ♪
♪ How much we love you yeah ♪
♪ Love love love ♪
My God, all the worshipers in the house
lift your hands and repeat after me.
♪ What a mighty God we serve ♪
♪ The creator of Heaven and Earth ♪
♪ There are no words
that I can say ♪
♪ To glorify the greatest name ♪
♪ We love another chance to say ♪
♪ I will still proclaim you're mighty ♪
♪ You're a mighty God yeah ♪
♪ You're mighty mighty you're mighty ♪
♪ I will still proclaim
you're mighty God ♪
♪ What a mighty God we serve ♪
♪ I will always put your first ♪
♪ I will always put you first ♪
♪ There no words that
I can say I can say ♪
♪ To glorify the greatest
name the greatest name ♪
♪ We love another chance to say ♪
♪ I will still proclaim
you're a mighty God ♪
♪ You're a mighty God yeah ♪
♪ You're a mighty God oh Lord ♪
♪ You're a mighty God ♪
♪ You're you're ♪
♪ You're a mighty God yeah ♪
♪ I will praise your name ♪
♪ Mighty God ♪
- [Bishop] Hallelujah,
hallelu, mighty God.
(upbeat music)
- [Dwight] I know y'all
parked in the Pasor's spot.
(all laughing)
(all talking at once)
- Look check this out
now, this is the sanctuary
where you really ministered yesterday.
I enjoyed it man.
(all talking at once)
- You ain't got no power.
You need to get
saved at this church doc.
Who got the keys to the
kingdom around here, you?
You got all the keys don't you?
- I got the keys.
Now check this out.
You see a flower on here now.
But this is typically where
Bishops peppermints sit.
You pop one up on the way up.
- I tell you what doc, 'cause
he needed on the other day.
(all talking at once)
- [Jarred] You gonna talk
about my dad like that?
- [Dwight] Dude help the Bishop out.
Pop one with his mouth on.
- Look at this
door right here, this man.
I'm excited to see what you
do in this room right here.
This is where you're gonna be
spending a lot of your time.
This is the music room,
go ahead check it out.
- Time out.
- Dope.
- That place is huge,
where the water slide?
I know y'all got one.
- Hey man, let's
go in and see man.
- Let me soak it
in man, come on now.
This my new home homie.
(all laughing)
- Listen y'all I gotta make a run.
Zac can you finish this tour?
- Man I don't know the spot,
but I think I can handle it.
- Don't get Dwight in
trouble man, you got it.
- [Dwight] We'll catch you later.
- I'll holler at y'all later.
- For sure man, for sure.
(calm music)
(laughing)
- [Zac] I'm clean.
You all right?
- [Dwight] Who is she?
(calm music)
- Miss Tricie?
- Yes.
- I gotta tell you something Miss Tricie.
- [Patrice] What's that?
- I love you Miss Tricie.
- Oh Andre, that is such
a sweet thing to say.
- Hey, you was that guy that
was singing on the monitors.
Man you were great.
Everyone in the house cried man.
- [Boy] Yeah, you even made us cry.
- Thank you, thank you.
- Yes, God has truly used you.
All right let's keep it
moving friends, let's go.
Talk to you soon.
- Love you too.
- [Zac] Come on, let's
get out of here man.
- I'm hungry, what are we eating?
- I'm hungry too man but for real
I need to know who this
girl is man, for real.
I like, there's a connection.
- There is no connection G.
- I'm serious, there's
something about that girl.
I'm telling you.
- All right man.
- I don't know who
she is, just ask her.
- That's the Bishop's niece, Patrice.
- There you have it.
- Are you serious?
- Yes, the niece,
can we go, I'm hungry.
- That's the Bishop's niece?
Out of all the girls man.
- Yeah.
- Dud that's crazy.
- [Zac] We just got here,
that's the first one you saw.
- And she's heavenly.
- D, just contain yourself
though man 'cause that sister
over there is strong brother, is strong.
- What y'all talking about?
- Patrice.
- I just wanted
you to know you have
an angel floating around the hallway.
- Patrice, my cousin.
I see what you saying,
no, no no no no no.
- [Dwight] Oh yeah.
- That's like my sister man.
You can give that one up.
- Why?
- She don't like church people.
- Well I ain't churchy.
- She don't like church ministers.
- I ain't no minister.
- She doesn't date
church preachers either.
- I ain't no preacher.
- I'm trying to tell you she
doesn't date church singers man.
- I ain't no.
You know what?
- Give that one up man.
- You can set up a
meeting or something man.
- [Jarred] I'll see what I can do.
- Come on you got power.
- I press toward
the mark of the prize
of the high calling of
God in Christ Jesus.
That's what the word say Mr. Hawkins.
Oh my goodness your son has
truly got a calling on his life.
He's anointed.
Oh yes he is, for
years I bet you he was.
Well my son in
fact, he's a good boy.
But he don't want to preach.
I've been looking for somebody
like your son for a long time.
Oh my goodness we were so glad
to have you at church Sunday.
Yes indeed.
Well he's sitting right here.
Oh absolutely, well you got my word.
You can mark it too.
I'm gonna take good care
your son, good care.
Call me whenever you can.
All right Mr. Hawkins, bye bye.
What a blessing it has been
just to meet your mother
and your father, and to have
you all the church on Sunday.
I'm telling you, that's what God,
just what we been looking for.
- Thank You bishop.
- That's why I want to hire you
as the new minister of music.
So you're gonna report directly to Jarred.
And whatever you need to do
with the music department
is up to you, I mean you
have complete control.
- Complete control?
- Complete control.
And that's because I trust you.
In fact I want you
to just, if you got to
come in and fire folk,
come in and fire them.
But do it in Jesus name. (laughing)
And we're gonna pay you well,
we eat well all the time.
How does $1000 a week?
$1000, oh yeah, that's good.
- You can handle that, good.
And how's your living situation?
- I been living with my
girl, but I know it's wrong.
And God's already been
dealing with me about it.
So I just let her go.
- So you ain't got nowhere to live?
- I'll go back with my dad.
- We gonna accommodate
you any way we can.
There's only two things
that you can't have.
And that's my wife, and my niece, Patrice.
Have you met Patrice yet?
- Bishop.
- Patrice darling, come here baby.
- Yes Uncle James?
- Have you met Dwight yet?
- Oh yes, yes I have.
I was just sharing with him
how important you are to me.
Well tell him what you
thought of his performance.
Go ahead and tell him.
- I thought it was incredible.
- [Bishop] Thank you darling.
- Oh, I gotta go.
- [Bishop] All right.
- [Horace] What happened
this past Sunday bishop?
- Wasn't that nice?
- Amazing.
- Oh yeah, he's definitely
amazing that's for sure.
- Bishop,
I don't like him.
- You don't like who Horace?
- [Horace] The Hawkins boy.
- Horace he ain't been
here but five minutes.
How in the devil you
don't like him already?
- Look, you've trusted me okay.
Your congregation has grown,
your money has multiplied,
your businesses have expanded.
You trusted me from the beginning,
why don't you trust me now?
- Horace all you talking
about is your opinion.
And your opinion shares that you don't
like somebody, you don't even know why.
Now I done hired the man
as the Minister of Music.
We ain't got no choice but
to see how well he work out.
- So let's take
it to that vamp, okay.
One, two, and three.
♪ I need you ♪
- That's it.
- That's it y'all.
♪ I need you ♪
- Come on, sing it on
- [Dwight] Sing it
on up right there, and.
♪ I need you ♪
- [Dwight] Back down.
- That's it.
♪ I need you ♪
- Yeah.
Bring it on up, and.
♪ I need you ♪
- Hold up, hold up, hold up.
What's up Jarred?
Excuse me for a minute Dwight.
Bishop wanted to meet with
you before he left today.
- [Dwight] Oh for sure.
- All right.
- But since you gonna
barge in on my rehearsal.
You might as well sing
this song with us doc.
- What song y'all--
- Oh yeah, come on in here.
- I don't really--
- I need you to cover me, from
the top of it, you know it.
- All right.
♪ Remember to come for me ♪
♪ That I might go in peace ♪
♪ And remember to keep me lifted ♪
♪ That I might go in spirit. ♪
♪ Keep my name on your lips ♪
♪ And when you pray remember this ♪
♪ That I need you ♪
♪ To cover me yeah yeah ♪
♪ Oh Lord I need you Lord ♪
♪ Can't make it without you Jesus ♪
♪ Oh Lord my my my my ♪
♪ I need you ♪
♪ Oh I need you
today Lord I need you ♪
♪ I'm thankful for the
chance I need you ♪
♪ I need you ♪
♪ I need you
Lord I need you ♪
♪ Cover me from the storms
that come I need you ♪
♪ Cover me till my
victory's one I need you ♪
♪ Said I need you
Jesus I need you ♪
♪ Yes I need you
♪ It doesn't look good
right now I need you ♪
♪ But I know you can
help God I need you ♪
♪ Said I need you Jesus ♪
- Come on, right here doc.
♪ Does anybody need the
Lord I need you ♪
♪ Said I know I need
you Lord I need you ♪
♪ My my my my
said I need you ♪
♪ To cover me what cover me ♪
- Ooh Doc.
- Man.
You got me in here singing man.
I don't know about that.
- What is going on in here?
Jarred you're late for the meeting.
- Oh that's right.
All right man,
I'll see y'all later.
(upbeat music)
- Minister Dwight Hawkins.
- [Dwight] Bishop.
- Welcome to my home.
- This house is amazing.
- Yes it is.
I'm gonna call you Minister
'cause that's where your life is going.
- Yes sir, yes sir.
- You like it?
- It's breath taking.
- Well I'm glad, let me show
you around, let's go this way.
Come this way.
Well I tell you what Dwight,
this is what's available
to those who are steadfast in the Lord.
Well, I'm the first one in my family
to be able to afford something like this.
My mother, my father, none of my cousins
could afford nothing like
this, so I'm truly blessed.
- Bishop how did you do this?
- God.
God's in control of everything.
He'll work it out for you
too, if you stay steadfast.
- I believe that.
- Now after we have dinner here
we always adjoin to the last room.
Have a seat Dwight.
I know you got a lot of people
like to get your autograph,
isn't that right?
- Oh no Bishop.
- That's all right, it
goes with the territory.
But I don't want you to
get that confused with
what it's really all about.
And for me it's all about the word.
See a lot of time people
are real challenges,
but we lack the word.
And I knew with your
father being a minister
you know all about that, isn't that right?
- Absolutely.
- Yeah, I want
that to be real clear.
I know I'm bringing you
on as the Music Director.
But I want you to be clear.
I want you to be into the
word, is that understood?
Good.
- Everybody focus draw your minds in.
One, two, three.
♪ Whether I lift up
both of my hands ♪
♪ Whether I praise you in advance ♪
♪ Oh oh I'll praise
you loud as I can ♪
♪ What you gonna give ♪
♪ I'll give my best praise ♪
(laughing)
- Lord have mercy, I'm telling
you, we miss that so much.
Listen, this the reason I called you.
I got a young man
that I have hired here
as a Minister of Music, dynamic talent.
Very very anointed, but I'm not sure
that he's sure of his calling.
- All right.
- I want you to share
a little bit with him.
He's got a dynamic group.
I want them to
hear you, and meet you.
Would you do that for me?
- I'd be happy to.
- Let's go on down.
♪ Praise to you ♪
♪ That's what I'll do ♪
♪ I'm gonna give it up ♪
♪ Giving my best to you ♪
- Y'all sound so
good, you sound so good.
I want you all to meet
Rance Allen, Rance Allen.
Put your hands together, give him some.
- The first thing Bishop,
I gotta tell you that
this young man Dwight, he sounds like a
old Holy Ghost filled groovologist.
- Oh yeah.
- My God.
- Matter of fact, man I love
what you all were doing.
Can you give me just a little
bit more that same song?
- Absolutely Cidell take I to the man.
Here we go one, two.
(vocalizing)
♪ I'm gonna give it up ♪
♪ Give him my best praise ♪
♪ Giving my best to you ♪
♪ I'm gonna give it up ♪
♪ Gonna give it ♪
♪ Giving my best to you ♪
♪ Gonna do it with my hands
I'm gonna give it up ♪
♪ Gonna do it with me feet
♪ I'm gonna give you praise
I'm gonna give it up ♪
♪ That keeps up with the
beat giving my best to you ♪
♪ I'm gonna give it up ♪
♪ I'm gonna give it up
I'm gonna give it up ♪
♪ Right here y'all ♪
♪ Giving my best to you ♪
♪ I'm gonna give it up ♪
(all applauding)
- That's one of yours?
- [Dwight] Yeah, it's all
original, we came up with it.
- Lord I'm telling you, it's just awesome.
Listen, I don't want to
stop the rehearsal and all.
But I just want to tell y'all
because you are super talented.
I feel the anointing when you all sing.
So you gotta keep
that as your main focus.
Keep God first and
that anointing will take you to places
you've never been musically before.
- Did you hear Jarred the other day?
Homie got pipes.
- Hey, I can't
even front, he wasn't it.
- Dude, I don't know why--
- I was scared,
I was scared at first.
- [Dwight] Why he ain't singing man?
- He the Bishop son.
- Probably his Pops.
- Dude, that's a horrible way
to live man to be suppressed.
You have a gift like that
and you can't use it.
- Man I tell you what's
a horrible way to live.
- What you talking about man?
- Dude I see you walking
the straight and narrow.
I respect that, you know
what I mean, I love that but.
What's up with Candy?
I know you think about her.
- What's up with Candy?
- Man you was on that every day.
- But she don't wanna live nothing.
She want to just keep living
in sin and I can't do it.
Dude, I'm trying to
live what I sing about.
- What about Patrice?
She saved.
- [Dwight] Dude, you know we got
a connection, me and Patrice.
- I know I don't
see what I think I see.
So we pay y'all all
this money to do music,
and y'all in here playing ball?
What's up man?
- I don't get a check.
- What's up Dwight, you all right?
- You know what, it's too
much holiness in here.
- It's too much what?
- Holiness, I gotta get out of here.
(all talking at once)
- So what's popping, man how
you gonna come on the court
all dressed up with your
slip and slides on the thing.
- Now you know I
just left the office man.
Doing all this ministry
stuff, working for my dad.
I don't have time for nothing else, man.
- [Dwight] You gotta make
time to enjoy yourself dude.
You work too hard.
- I mean I like
what I do and stuff man.
But dealing with these personalities,
and all these attitudes it's enough
to make you really go crazy sometimes.
- But do you love what you do?
That's the question.
Dude, you got an anointing
on your life man.
What I heard the other day,
you should be ministering.
You can't do what your
daddy want you to do man.
You gotta do what
God wants you to do.
(calm music)
All right, all right the
break is over, break is over.
Let's get it Zac.
Man you ain't going nowhere
till you get it right Omar.
Let's go with it.
Marcel, you got the vamp all right?
Let's do this.
Straight to the back,
one, two, three, and.
(all laughing)
Dude stop playing, stop playing dude.
Give me the, give me it.
♪ Oh he's able ♪
♪ He's able ♪
(audience cheers and applauds)
- Praise God.
I said God is good right now.
Somebody's gonna get their breakthrough
Turn around, turn around
and tell your neighbor, say neighbor.
- [Congregation] Neighbor.
- [Minister] Tonight is your night.
For your miracle.
Tonight is your night for your break--
Bishop Wright, give him a hand.
Great man of God,
and that woman of God.
And we just thank God for the
being in our service today.
We thank God, amen, for this young man
who needs no formal introduction.
Everybody know him everywhere, amen.
He is just anointed
by the power of God.
- [Announcer] Brothers
and sisters won't you give
a very warm welcome
today to Dwight Hawkins.
- Look at your neighbor and tell somebody,
tell him God is able.
Tell your other neighbor,
If you know he's able, somebody have
a Holy Ghost fit right where you sit.
- Lift those hands everybody.
Just stretch those hands
out before the Lord.
I wanna speak into your life
this morning is that all right?
I said is that all right?
Stretch your hands out.
♪ Exceedingly ♪
♪ Abundantly more ♪
♪ All you could ask or think ♪
♪ According to hey ♪
♪ The power that worketh in you ♪
♪ You and me ♪
♪ So lift your hands and say ♪
♪ God is able to do just what
he said he wold do yeah ♪
Watch this.
♪ And he's gonna fulfill
every promise to you ♪
Tell you neighbor this.
♪ Don't give up on God
'cause he won't give up ♪
Let's go y'all, come on, he's able.
(upbeat music)
I just need a few worshipers
in the house, tell him.
♪ He's able ♪
♪ Whoa whoa whoa ♪
Come on, shake somebody's
hand next to you and tell him.
♪ God is able God
is able to do ♪
♪ Just what just what
he said he would do ♪
♪ He's gonna fulfill he's gonna fulfill ♪
♪ Every promise every promise to you ♪
♪ Don't you give up on God ♪
I wish I had a, I wish I
had a witness in the room.
Somebody scream he is able.
♪ He is able ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ Jesus he is able ♪
♪ Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa ♪
He is able, come on church you sing.
♪ Oh oh oh oh ♪
Come on somebody.
♪ Oh oh oh he is able ♪
You can go a little bit higher.
♪ Whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa ♪
♪ He is able yeah ♪
♪ Whoa whoa whoa
whoa he is able ♪
I want you to shake three
peoples hands around you.
♪ Don't give up on God ♪
I want you to close your eyes.
Lift up your hands.
It's gonna be the greatest year
of somebody's career in here.
I need somebody to lift your voice
in here and give the Lord a shout.
Let the worshipers, let the
worshipers lift your voice.
All the worshipers lift your voice.
♪ Don't give up on God ♪
♪ Oh oh oh
oh oh oh oh ♪
- It's an awesome time for you.
Put God first, man will follow.
♪ He is able ♪
♪ This is the
way I love you ♪
♪ The way I bow my head and
I lift my heart to you ♪
♪ Give it all to you ♪
♪ I worship ♪
♪ Lord I live
my life for you ♪
- Dude, you killing me man.
I'm loving your sound dude.
- Thank you man.
- Man you play for this church?
You got a gig somewhere?
- No.
Hey man, you're Dwight Hawkins right?
- Yeah.
- I've been seeing you brother.
Good stuff man, I really
love your ministry man.
- Hey dude, we gotta be
in the A in five hours.
Hurry up, come on.
- Thank you for that man.
Like hold on, I'm coming.
- I've got to tell you,
it's going to be so--
- I know it will, I'm sure.
I know it is, and
I've got so much to do.
- But sweetheart come on.
Honestly you cannot tell
me that you do not feel
the new anointing that seems to have
just fallen over the entire church.
- Well of course
I do, and I recognize
that you must be talking about Dwight.
- [Lady Wright] Yes I am.
- And he's talented, he's gifted.
- You've got to admit that
this new music ministry
has just covered us with
such a sweet sweet spirit.
- Yes, he's anointed yes but, this church
was anointed long before he got here.
- Sweetheart that's not what I'm saying.
- But that's what I'm saying.
And I can't talk about
it too long right now.
I've got church council
meeting, I'm sorry.
But I love you,
I gotta go now.
- [Lady Wright] I love you more.
- All right.
- Hey Auntie.
- Whoo, now what's that
I feel on your spirit?
- I'm all right.
- [Lady Wright] You should
hear yourself, I'm all right.
- Just church business
and personal business.
- And that personal you mean?
- Minister Dwight, he
is a man of God.
- Yes he is.
- But I have
to focus on my students.
And although he's very talented.
- [Lady Wright] Yes he is.
- Incredible, I've gotta
focus on my ministry,
and help you and uncle.
And although he is very anointed I--
- Excuse me.
You are the daughter I never had.
So I know who you are.
But more than that
you know who's you are.
And God doesn't make mistakes, people do.
So come on, walk with me, I
want to show you something.
♪ Whoa yeah yeah yeah ♪
- Listen to the sound of that music.
Go on, you know you want to.
(vocalizing)
♪ There will always be
those in your life ♪
♪ Who don't see yeah ♪
Not that chord.
- Sounds good to me.
- Patrice is in the building.
- Well you know I heard
that beautiful music.
I had to come in.
- You checking on me?
You want to have a seat?
- Yeah.
- I got.
- You got it.
- I did.
- What you doing here tonight?
It's not a service night.
- Well you know,
I have my kids so.
- Are you serious, kids?
- No, not like that,
my Sunday school kids.
We're getting ready for
the Women's Day play.
- Hallelujah.
- And what about you?
I mean it's late,
I thought you'd be out
you know hanging out or something.
- Nah, ain't no hanging out for me.
I take what I do here serious.
You know every time I minister I want
the power of God
to flow in my life.
- And that's exactly
what this church needs.
A good change, definitely
different than Minister Wayward.
- Hey.
Y'all know you about to get locked
in here till next Tuesday right.
- Doc don't you see
the Lord at work here?
There's a merger going
on, a coming together.
- Yeah I bet you was was
praying for shut in too.
Wanted my cousin to stay
and lay hands on you?
- You need Jesus.
- Okay enough, please
bring your mind in boys.
- Holler.
- [Dwight] Holler, yeah.
- [Dwight] Okay Patrice, we'll talk.
- Yes we will.
- Oh yeah, without any interruptions.
You hear that Jarred?
Raining on my parade.
- Must the Queen be
distressed and helpless
just to get two minutes with her King?
Thank you for the flowers you sent me.
They're beautiful, just wonderful.
But I need to know.
What are you getting
yourself all worked up about?
Because whatever it is, it's a shadow.
Sweetheart you did it, you did it.
We're here, you made it.
And nobody can take that
away from you, nobody.
Unless you let them.
I need you to
calm down and help me.
I hear you wheezing.
Yeah your pressure's probably jumping.
- You the one got me
wheezing in this dress.
You still turn me
on, you know that right?
I hate to disappoint you.
- James, the only way
I will be disappointed
is if you keep letting
yourself get worked up
and manipulated by
Horace and his Pharisees.
Baby, relax and enjoy
it because it is set.
- How about if I just
enjoy you for a moment.
Is that all right, I
mean is that all right?
- Sweetheart why don't you put
Jarred and Dwight to work more?
I'm in there they're both young,
they're full of energy
and they are anointed.
(sighing)
Sweetheart.
The boy is powerful.
Let him loose.
Hey Bishop.
How you like my hat?
- You look like a Queen.
- Your Queen.
(chuckles)
(coughing)
- Well come on, let's give the
Lord a praise in this house.
He's worthy to be praised.
- This is it man, you ready?
- I think so.
- All right, look I just want
to say God bless you tonight.
Let God use you.
- Pray for us.
- Will do man,
I gotta go make
sure everything's set all right?
- For sure, for sure.
(audience cheers and applauds)
Come on y'all let's pray, y'all ready?
- Well the voting is over.
And your votes have made the decision
for your next Presiding Bishop of
the Pentecostal Outpouring
of Churches International.
The new elected Presiding
Bishop is none other
than Bishop James C. Wright.
(audience cheers and applauds)
- My God, thank you Lord.
You may be seated.
Oh my God.
Thank God for saving me.
Oh, I feel real good right about now.
Are there really words
to adequately express
how I feel on a night like tonight?
To be chosen, if you will,
or elected Presiding Bishop.
(audience cheers and applauds)
Well.
Nothing but God.
I wish I could say it was me.
But it wasn't nothing but God.
Don't want to say, I just don't
feel like dancing right now.
Ooh thank you, ooh.
No I'm not gonna do that.
I can't move like I used to. (laughing)
Oh I'm grateful and I
know that many of you
have been following along this journey
as I have traveled the country to hear
the voice of this great psalmist,
the anointed voice of the
minister Dwight Hawkins.
(audience cheers and applauds)
Oh my God, too many times have
I told you about
the amazing gift he has.
And I know you're
waiting to hear him sing.
(audience applauding)
But I've been praying about this thing.
And God has spoken to
me in a mighty way.
And unfortunately we not gonna
hear Brother Dwight tonight.
And I am proclaiming the spirit's
leading me to go in another direction.
It's late in the hour and
we want to get to the word.
Turn with me in your
Bible's to II Timothy.
Thank you Dwight, we'll talk to you later.
II Timothy, we'll speak from the subject
the benefits of finding your God zone.
The benefit of finding your God zone.
Let us pray.
Most gracious father we thank you.
- Dad, what in God's name
happened out there tonight?
- I know you
got sense enough to know
not to come in here
questioning me about nothing.
- Look, dad I've been
quiet for a long long time.
But what I saw tonight, I don't
understand how you could--
- Yeah well, I did it.
And that's that.
- No.
- What you mean no?
It's not the end of it.
- [Bishop] What?
- It's not the end of it.
How can you sit there after
all the time they took,
the preparation that went into it.
How can you sit there calm
like that after what you did?
- First of all let
me tell you your mother
is in the other room and she
got a headache right now.
- Can you blame her?
Look, look unlike all these
other deacons and ministers
you got walking around here, I'm your son.
And I don't have any ulterior motives.
This, this is the craziest
thing I've seen in--
- First of all, you
better lower your voice
when you come in here talking
to me, you understand me?
'Cause I'm not a child, you're a child.
This here is my church.
You don't run nothing up in here.
You understand me?
Now see I'll sit you down.
Yeah you better hurry up and
get your ass out of here.
(coughing)
What's wrong with you?
You don't run nothing up in here!
Nobody!
I run this thing around here.
- I can't believe this.
Like, I don't understand man.
Can somebody please tell me what happened?
Please tell me.
- I'll tell you what happened
man, nothing happened.
It was crazy, crazy D,
typical church foolishness.
- Man this is bull crap,
we looked stupid up there.
- I don't think we looked stupid.
But I do think Bishop looked stupid
up there talk my finding the
benefit up your God zone.
J man can you please
tell me what that means?
Help me.
- He ain't got nothing to say.
Man I tell you what it was,
it was nothing man, fluff
Bishop was a saying nothing.
As soon as he shut us down,
the people were just looking at him.
- It was so embarrassing.
- Dwight, you all good,
they did y'all wrong guys.
- Yeah they gave us two
okeydoke, but we gonna make it.
- And I'm still rooting for you.
- Well thanks a lot homie.
I heard y'all rocked it this morning.
- [Singer] Yeah we did all right.
- Keep up the good work
man, we gonna hook up.
You know I'm saying, we gonna hook up.
Marcel don't start.
Marcel it's not that bad.
- I'm tired, it seems like none of
my prayers are being answered right now.
- Marcel look, just don't start crying.
It's gonna be all right.
Marcel, look at me Marcel,
it's gonna be all right.
It's gonna be all right,
it's gotta be all right.
It's all good, it's gonna be good.
All things work together
for the good in
them that love the Lord.
Now do y'all believe that or what?
God ain't about to let you down.
He ain't gonna let me down.
He ain't gonna let this
group down, I'm telling you.
Now what we dealt with tonight,
we've been promoted, yep, we got promoted.
Anytime you've been embarrassed
in front of the whole
church like that, you know
God got a plan for us man.
Now don't give up, don't quit.
All this talk about giving up
and stuff man, whatever man.
We don't keep it moving.
Jarred you with me?
Zac come on man.
Omar show me some love man.
Y'all gotta like really
come up out of that doc.
- Hey everybody, Dwight.
- [Dwight] Patrice.
- Look, I feel horrible
about what happened tonight.
And I'm trying everything
I can to make it right.
But I believe God, he knows best.
- [Dwight] That's good.
- I'm hungry y'all, you hungry?
Can we something to eat?
D you coming?
- No I'll catch up with
y'all man, I'm good.
I'm real good.
- I came to check on you.
You all right?
- Yeah I'm good if you just
go ahead on and marry me.
- Whoa hold on.
I need you to be serious
for just a minute.
- Girl I'm so serious right now.
Like you know I've been waiting
for this moment for a long time.
Anyway look, real talk,
your uncle is going crazy.
He has lost his mind.
- I know.
- [Dwight] I understand what's going on.
- It wasn't your fault, okay.
Tonight was cruel.
I haven't seen my uncle
like that in a long time.
What I'm about to say, you have
to promise me you won't repeat okay?
- Okay.
- I think you
need to leave a Immaculate.
- Are you serious?
Me, leave Immaculate?
- [Patrice] Yes.
- That's crazy.
- I know it sounds crazy.
But I have seen so much here Dwight.
I've seen envy and
ministry, and it kills them.
I could go on
and on about the details.
But at the end of the day
this is what I'm saying.
The Bible says men become lovers
of themselves more than lovers of God.
It doesn't mean that
they start out that way.
It doesn't mean that they
stop loving God altogether.
It just means that there's a
sick self serving obsession
that tears a man's heart
away from God's will,
away from God's agenda altogether.
And it hurts a lot of
people in the process.
Now you, for whatever
reason, are a threat.
And the longer you stay here,
the worse it's gonna get, trust me.
- So why you still at the church?
- God already told me.
- God spoke to you?
- Yes, and it's done.
He said Jarred and
I will be the first
generation of Wrights
to make things right.
But it has been the
hardest battle in my life.
- See that right there,
that's what I love about you.
Girl you strong, I love that.
- No I'm not, I'm
stubborn, big difference.
- Oh you stubborn too, but you know.
Patrice I just wanted to thank you for
sharing that information with me.
And I won't tell nobody that you tried
to get me to
run off away with you.
My lips are sealed.
- Yes, and keep them that way.
You are being bad.
- There you go, there you go.
It's gonna be all right sweetheart.
God is in control.
Everything gonna be fine.
Trust in him.
Let me get you a drink of water.
♪ Oh he is able ♪
Zacy Zacy boy everybody talking
going to Beans and Cornbread later on.
Marcel and everybody man.
They want to have a meeting I guess.
- No man.
- What's wrong with you man?
You amped up about something.
And I know that look,
I know that look.
- I'm not gonna be singing or setting
foot back in the church, church is stupid,
church is wack, this
whole situation is dumb.
I hate Bishop Wright and I'm done.
- Are you serious man?
Dude you over there
going in to spazzing out
all about that whole episode man.
We done been through worse than that man.
We got more gigs do,
so just like pull back,
fall back man and stop--
- [Zac] We done been through worse?
We done been through worse?
- Yeah we been--
- Are you serious man?
Dude, if I wanted to sing I
could have stayed in the world.
I could have stayed out, I
didn't have to come in here.
But I'm in here now and
Bishop Wright, the head
is stabbing us in the back,
and playing little kid games.
Man I could roll with that
if it was out on the street.
But I ain't got to be here.
- [Dwight] First of
all, you too amped up
first of all man, you gotta chill.
Man I can vouch for what he did.
He was crazy, and that was wrong.
But man you can't make decisions
based on what a man doing.
What about what God said?
- I can't make the decision?
I'm a grown man,
I make my own decisions.
Forget God, forget all of that man.
- Dude, man come
and sit back down man.
We got rehearsal, man everybody waiting.
- I'm done with
it, that's it, I'm out.
- [Dwight] Dude, you losing it man.
- I'm out.
- He done left
the group, that's wack man.
- February 13th and
14th is what I have
scheduled for the men's conference.
And we got Noah Jones isn't that right?
- Yes we reserved the funds.
And we also gifted
him with a new watch.
- All right they say they
done bought him a new watch.
Isn't that nice?
So anyway we're gonna do that and.
So I'll get that information
to you as soon as possible.
All right.
- Bishop, sorry I'm late.
- I'm so glad
you decided to join us.
Anyway now, oh the youth revival.
- Ma what's wrong Ma?
Somebody help!
Ma?
- Are we all scheduled
with that for next month?
Because somebody's
supposed to be scheduling
that room downstairs to be
sure that that room is clear.
(phone ringing)
Cut the thing off!
- What am I supposed
to do I don't know.
Help!
- Be sure that all the
young people meet me.
(crying)
I want to be
sure that downstairs is ready
for all the noisy young people--
- Hold on Bishop, this
text my mother's sick.
She just passed out.
- We just started this meeting.
- My Ma is
at the house by herself.
- I'm telling you right now
if you leave this meeting--
- Or what Bishop, it don't
matter what you talk about?
I got to see about my mother.
- [Ida] Bishop it's his mother.
- You gonna let him
leave like that Bishop?
- Please help me.
(suspenseful music)
Please help me, please God.
- Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Hold on, hold on, hold
on, hold on, hold on.
Move back, move back,
Amara come on calm down.
Hold on.
Mama come on.
Calm down, calm down.
Did you call 911?
Mama wake up now, wake up now.
- [Amara] Please please.
- What did she eat?
How long she been here?
You gotta answer me, calm down.
- [Amara] I don't know
- The blood of Jesus.
The blood of Jesus.
Mama, I command you to live.
You got work to do Mama.
Mama come on you can't leave us now.
Come on Amara, you gotta stop
crying, and we gotta pray.
Calm down.
In the name of Jesus.
- [Amara] In the name of Jesus.
- I speak life right now,
to my mother right now God.
All the sacrifices she's made.
I just call them in right
now in the name of Jesus.
Now come Mama, come on.
Come on.
Come on Mama, come on open your eyes.
- [Amara] Please no Mama.
(somber music)
- [Zac] Hey D, how you holding up?
- How you think I'm doing?
Man if my dad would just
told me she was sick.
I mean we deserved to know.
I feel like I can break
somebody's neck right now.
I'm losing my mind man.
- [Zac] I know you devastated.
We're all devastated about your mom.
But secluding all to yourself
ain't gonna solve nothing.
- What you got?
- [Zac] I got
the right thing for you.
It ain't no church stuff neither.
- Yeah well right about now
I'd do anything to bring me some peace.
- [Zac] Just get dressed.
I'll be over there in about an hour.
- I'll be ready.
(upbeat music)
♪ We gonna fight ♪
♪ I'm fighting temptation
I'm fighting temptation ♪
♪ I'm fighting fighting
fighting temptation ♪
♪ I'm fighting temptation
I'm fighting fighting ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Let me hear you say ♪
♪ I'm fighting temptation
I'm fighting temptation ♪
♪ I'm fighting fighting
fighting temptation ♪
♪ I'm fighting temptation
I'm fighting fighting ♪
♪ Fighting temptation
I'm fighting temptation ♪
♪ I'm fighting fighting
fighting temptation ♪
♪ I'm fighting temptation
I'm fighting fighting ♪
♪ I'm trying to
live a godly life ♪
♪ Be lying if I
say it ain't hard ♪
♪ Every time I open my eyes ♪
♪ It's like I'm seeing rated R ♪
♪ Can't believe what I'm
seeing I'm speechless ♪
♪ All I see is
your booty and cleavage ♪
♪ You just trying
to find my weakness ♪
♪ I'm determined to pass your test ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Let me hear you say ♪
♪ I'm fighting temptation
I'm fighting temptation ♪
♪ I'm fighting fighting
fighting temptation ♪
♪ I'm fighting temptation
I'm fighting fighting ♪
♪ Fighting temptation
I'm fighting temptation ♪
♪ I'm fighting fighting
fighting temptation ♪
♪ I'm fighting temptation
I'm fighting fighting ♪
♪ Trying to be spirit lead ♪
♪ I ain't gonna let
you in my head ♪
♪ And like a spider you
are weaving your web ♪
♪ Trying to get a
brother in your bed ♪
♪ You don't like it
that I'm standing tall ♪
♪ Oh the reason
why great men fall ♪
♪ So put away your seducing lips ♪
♪ I know the devil's
all in your kiss ♪
♪ Yeah let me hear you say ♪
♪ I'm fighting temptation
I'm fighting temptation ♪
♪ I'm fighting fighting
fighting temptation ♪
♪ I'm fighting temptation
I'm fighting fighting ♪
I'm fighting temptation ♪
♪ I'm fighting fighting
fighting temptation ♪
♪ I'm fighting temptation
I'm fighting fighting ♪
(calm music)
♪ We lift up our hands ♪
♪ We lift our hands in
praise to your name ♪
♪ We lift up our voice yeah ♪
♪ We make a
joyful noise and praise ♪
♪ We want to see
you high and lifted up ♪
♪ For all the world to see ♪
♪ Consume us in
your presence as we-- ♪
- Horace.
♪ Your majesty ♪
- Thank you, it
was great, it was great.
- Bishop they sound good.
I can use two voices like
that on the praise team.
Y'all sound good.
- Too bad you're
not on the praise team.
These are new Ministers of Music.
- What?
Hey no man, hey I'm Dwight Hawkins,
the Minister of Music here,
and y'all sound real good.
Man what the hell you talking about?
- Boy you ain't
been here in two weeks.
- Boy?
- Horace.
- [Dwight] Man you
better get out my face.
- Take those gentlemen out.
- [Horace] Somebody will
be in touch with you.
- [Dwight] All I asked
for Bishop was two weeks.
- [Bishop] Have a seat Dwight.
How you trying to replace me?
My mother just died man.
- I heard about your mother.
And I'm sorry.
I know what it is
to lose a loved one.
Your mother was a good woman.
And I actually was gonna give you
the time that you asked for.
I definitely thought about it.
But I had a set of
circumstances to arise that
forced me to take
a look at some things.
This is just one of the
things that looked at.
(club music)
(grunts)
- Bishop I can explain that,
it's not what it seems.
- Oh you ain't got to explain nothing.
You ain't got to explain nothing.
That video say everything.
Now don't worry about it.
Ain't nobody gonna find out about it.
Ain't nobody even go see that.
'Cause see that video
hurts more than just you.
It hurt my ministry too.
- Thank you Bishop.
- Absolutely.
- Thank you I appreciate it.
- But I'm sure
you understand why I think
it's best that you leave Immaculate.
You can always go back to your trade.
I'm sure your father would love
to have you come
back and work with him.
He probably needs some
more construction workers.
♪ I can do it again ♪
♪ Yes I can do it again ♪
(acoustic piano music)
♪ Forgiven ♪
♪ Whoa oh oh
oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ Forgiven ♪
♪ Whoa oh oh
oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ Forgiven ♪
I need to be saying something.
♪ Forgiven for the sins you committed ♪
♪ Even though you did it ♪
- Hey Dwight Hawkins how you doing man?
- Oh I'm good.
- [Minister] Oh man
it's good to see you.
- Brother Hawkins how are you today?
- Yes sir wonderful, real good.
- Man good to see you.
- Thank you for the opportunity.
Thank you for the opportunity.
- I've heard a lot of about you,
and your awesome gift of worship.
- The anointing that
God's placed on your life.
- I understand that you're
looking to make a move.
Is that correct?
- [Dwight] That's correct.
- Okay, then tell me about that.
- I just wanted to let you
know that I was available.
I'm no longer working for Bishop Wright.
And just, my passion is worship.
Passion and heart to worship God.
I just have a passion for God
and I'm a worshiper at heart.
I'm just a worshiper at heart you know.
And I know what God is doing
over here at Great Faith.
And I heard a lot about this ministry.
Heard a lot of about this church.
I heard you guys were worshipers here
and I feel like I could
be of good service here.
And I really feel like I could contribute.
Contribute to what's going on here.
To your music ministry.
The music department.
And I just wanted you
to know I'm available.
- Well you know Brother
Hawkins I have one concern.
I heard about what
happened this last year.
- [Minister] And I'm not
saying this condemn you.
But, I been hearing some very
negative things about you.
- And that greatly concerns me.
And I must admit I struggle with that.
And where we're going as a ministry
I don't think it would
be a right fit right now.
- I would love to have you
as a Minister of Music.
And for you to be a blessing
to the people of God.
But I'm gonna tell you something.
You need to go back to Bishop Wright.
You need to get it straight with him.
You need to get things right with God.
And I can't do nothing for you.
- But why don't you just come back
and worship with us this Sunday?
- That'd be great.
- It'd be good
to have you with us.
- God is the God of second chance.
And God's gonna do great
things in your life.
- All right I understand
Bishop, thank you.
- God bless you,
we'll be praying for you.
- Thank you.
Thank you sir.
- God bless you.
- [Patrice] Horace.
- Patrice what are you doing here?
- You are a snake.
- How you gonna come in
my space calling me names?
Okay what I'm doing is
best for the church,
for the greater good.
- The greater good?
- [Horace] Yes.
- [Horace] The greater good.
- Do you know how people
treat him, including me?
He lost everything.
And you want to talk
about the greater good?
- [Horace] I'm cleaning up the church!
- No you're not!
- Dwight is spreading his
chaos all over the place.
I mean he got you, Jarred,
and Bishop deceived.
Yes, I mean he got you so deceived
that you probably opened
your legs up for him too?
You probably gave him some didn't you?
You whore.
Yeah, you slut.
And as soon as Bishop called him
and heard him I
knew he was getting weak.
You know I'm beginning to wonder if Bishop
is even suitable for his office.
- You're nothing but a serpent.
- Bishop I was just talking to--
- You were just what?
Excuse us Patrice.
Excuse us.
She was right about you.
Everybody was right about you.
You set that video up didn't you?
You a snake.
And I should've seen it long before now.
Can't speak now?
- Look Bishop you know what?
Ever since Dwight done
came in you've been acting
a little soft, too soft, like a sissy.
I knew you had, as you
like to say, lost your way.
- Well I'm glad you told me that.
And I'm glad I found
out who you really was.
- Really?
- I want you out my church.
- Guess what?
If you want me out Bishop
you better put me out.
- No I ain't got to
put you out, they will.
- Oh okay it's like that?
We gonna see how long your
ministry last without me.
Get your hands off me,
get your hands off me.
- Zac would you
get off that phone man.
We gotta get this done.
- This is important.
What's up with lunch?
- [Dwight] You ain't done nothing.
- Still hungry.
- [Dwight] Look man, come on.
- I'm coming.
- We gotta get done.
- Wow, look who we have here.
- What's up Patrice?
- Can I talk to you in private
please Mr. Dwight Hawkins?
- Good to see you.
- Good to see you too.
- It's been a minute.
- Yes it has.
Can I have your car keys
and your wallet please?
- What for?
- Come on Dwight, give me
your car keys and your wallet.
Thank you.
- My wallet?
- Yes please, thank
you, now get in the car.
- After you.
- Still hungry.
- What you doing?
- Don't worry about
it, get out the car.
- No.
I ain't got time for this.
♪ My son ♪
♪ I'm persuaded ♪
♪ I'll let nothing I'll let nothing ♪
♪ Separate me separate me ♪
♪ From his love from his love ♪
♪ Neither death neither death ♪
♪ Height nor depth height nor depth ♪
♪ Will persuade will persuade me ♪
♪ Away away from him ♪
♪ 'Cause I gave it up ♪
♪ I gave it
I gave it up ♪
♪ Gave all I can't no more ♪
♪ I gave it
I gave it up ♪
♪ Gave all I can't no more
say it again come on ♪
♪ I gave it
I gave it up ♪
♪ Gave all I can't no more ♪
- Blaze.
Hey, Blaze.
(laughing)
I know you working.
Hi.
- How you doing baby girl?
- I'm good.
- In my zone.
- I know.
This is Dwight.
- This is your man.
- What's up Blaze?
- What's up D?
- I heard your story man,
very very compelling man.
It's got to be rough to go
through something like that.
I'm here every day all day.
So you can come in night, day, whenever.
Bring your singers, your band,
your dances, all of them.
Y'all can have a straight up
praise fest up in this place.
To prove where I'm at with this,
here's the key to Blazing Beats.
- Are you serious?
- The key to Blazing Beats.
Did you see that Trice?
- Yes.
- We don't do that.
For real.
I just want to show you how
serious I am about this.
- Thank you.
- Lord just laid
it on my heart man.
This is your house now.
- Just don't be bringing
no chicks in here.
You got to stay focused.
- Come on, he don't get
out like that do he?
- We know how you do, it's okay.
- Yeah but can I
get you on the record,
like you know what I'm saying?
- Just get your grind on first
and then we'll talk about that.
- I appreciate this.
- It's gonna happen.
- Peace out boy.
- This is bananas.
- I know.
I believe in you Dwight,
I always have.
I'm proud of you.
You're gonna be great.
You're gonna do great things.
♪ Create in me a clean heart. ♪
♪ Can't you see I'm striving
for his favor and his purpose ♪
♪ My temple is his resting place
while I give him my service ♪
♪ Gotta keep it clean in honor ♪
- [Blaze] All right man
let me see what you got.
♪ Oh I come
a mighty long way ♪
- It sounds like real tame, real canned.
Why's he holding back?
♪ No place to go ♪
- D, hold on man.
I'm trying to say it right.
I'm trying to get into your head man.
All that stuff you just been through.
All that pain.
It's not coming through over the mic.
You're not in church no more big fella.
You can go back to the
church, do that thing.
All that emotion, the passion, the hurt.
That's what's gonna
draw the people to you.
That's what's gonna compel them to come.
Do you bro, let
it loose, let it loose.
Let's try flipping the song too.
- When he gets in his
zone, he's gonna nail it.
♪ All my life you
have always been there ♪
♪ To bring me through somehow oh ♪
♪ All my life you
have always been there ♪
♪ So please don't leave me now ♪
(hip hop music)
That's all I'm asking.
Don't leave me.
♪ All my life you
have always been there ♪
♪ To bring me
through somehow oh oh ♪
♪ All my life ♪
- That's real hot right there.
♪ You have always been there ♪
♪ So please don't leave me now ♪
♪ Don't leave me now ♪
- All right serious, what's going on?
You know.
- He is a great friend.
- He is a great friend?
Did you really just pull
that line out on your boy.
Can you hear the inspiration?
- [Blaze] Yeah.
- He inspires me and I just
wanted to do this to help him.
- Help him?
Come on this is Benny Blaze.
I knew you before you got mixed
up in all the church stuff.
Come on now, we go back.
- Okay okay, maybe you know what?
- [Blaze] Come on now, come on.
- Maybe something might happen you know.
♪ To bring me through somehow ♪
♪ All my life
you always been there ♪
♪ Please don't leave me now ♪
♪ All I'm asking Lord ♪
♪ Don't leave me
now leave me now ♪
♪ Wait a minute ♪
♪ Don't leave me don't leave me ♪
♪ Lord I'm trying
to keep it together ♪
♪ And I need you
to make it better ♪
♪ You promised me ♪
♪ That you'd never leave me alone ♪
♪ I can't make it ♪
- So that's him?
♪ On my own ♪
- Did he sign?
- Nah.
- No?
- [Blaze] Nope.
♪ You have always been there ♪
- I'm gonna sign him.
Yeah, I'm gonna sign him.
♪ All my life you
have always been there ♪
♪ Please don't leave me now ♪
- Okay, sounds good, take care now.
It's a done deal bro.
- It's a done deal.
- Mr. G.
- Look I just
want to appreciate you man.
You've been working so
hard down through the years
for our family, you
always look out for us.
I knew when I put this deal
in your hands it was a wrap.
And I just want to
appreciate you for that.
I want to thank you for that.
- It's easy when you're
working for good people.
And your family has
just been great people.
- The only thing.
I wish my mother was
here to see this man.
I wish she could have been able.
- Yeah great lady man, great lady.
Speaking of your mom that lady
is counting on you big time.
Matter of fact we put a will
together, we worked that out.
She told me everything she wanted done.
And the one thing
she said, put my boy,
put D in charge of all of
it because I know he'll
do right by his brother and his sisters.
Yeah she wanted that done.
And of course the last thing she said,
she said you make sure that
he takes care of his father.
Get him back in that church.
- What church?
- That big church down the street.
- His dream church?
- The lady has been paying
on it for 13 years man.
- Oh my goodness.
- She said make
sure that my boy takes
care of his dad and get
that church straight.
Get it paid off, and get it done.
- Mama always has something
up her sleeve, she always did.
Looking out for her family.
- You think you can get it done?
- [Dwight] It's a done deal.
- You gonna make it happen?
- I'm gonna handle it.
(upbeat music)
♪ Calling ♪
♪ I'm calling ♪
♪ I don't want to be in
these streets these streets ♪
♪ These streets no ♪
♪ Nothing is left for me in
these streets these streets ♪
♪ These streets no ♪
♪ I've seen so much dieing in
these streets these streets ♪
♪ There's blood in the streets ♪
♪ There ain't no love in
these streets these streets ♪
♪ These streets ♪
♪ Calling ♪
♪ I'm calling ♪
♪ I'm crying ♪
- Dwight I thought you were fabulous.
- You think so?
- Anointing was so my little fingers was.
I was in back saying hey glory!
♪ My soul my
savior God to thee ♪
♪ How great thou art ♪
♪ Then sings my soul ♪
♪ My savior God to thee yeah ♪
♪ How great thou art ♪
♪ How great ♪
♪ Thou art ♪
Come on bless him if you believe it.
(congregation applauds)
- I want to thank
all the saints of God
for coming and help celebrating
this joyous occasion.
Before we go any further,
we have a presentation here today.
So I'm gonna ask my brother Dwight
to come up here and stand next
to me, and my sister Amara.
Come on up here Pop.
(congregation applauds)
- Pop, on behalf of the your kids,
we just know how much Mama loved you.
We know how much you loved Mama.
And we wish our mother
could be here today.
She lived her life helping
your dream come to pass.
And I just want you to
know because of Mama
you're standing in your church.
It is paid for, paid in full.
(congregation cheers and applauds)
Mama, and all four of us
worked hard to make it happen.
This is your church dad.
All you gotta do from this
point on is preach the word.
(congregation cheers and applauds)
- Thought my dream would
never come to pass.
I know your mother's
smiling down from Heaven.
I know she's very proud.
I'm truly overwhelmed with joy.
Dwight can you sing a song for me?
- Yes sir.
♪ I just wanna
make it to Heaven ♪
♪ I Just wanna make
it in oh oh ♪
♪ I just wanna cross that river ♪
♪ I wanna be free
from sin oh oh ♪
♪ I just my
name written oh Lord ♪
♪ Written in the
Lamb's Book of Life ♪
♪ And when this life is over ♪
♪ I just wanna
have eternal life oh ♪
♪ I wanna hear him say ♪
♪ Well done well done well done ♪
♪ Anybody wanna hear him say ♪
♪ Well done well done ♪
♪ Oh you come on in yeah ♪
♪ Well done well done well done ♪
♪ I wanna hear him
say hear him say ♪
♪ You can come on in ♪
♪ Anybody wanna see your
loved ones oh yeah ♪
♪ That you've lost
along the way oh my my ♪
♪ I just wanna walk
those streets of gold ♪
♪ They say the half has
never never been told ♪
♪ I don't want
my singing Lord oh ♪
♪ I don't want it to
be in vain oh oh ♪
♪ I just wanna cross
that river of God ♪
♪ That's why I'm living ♪
♪ Day to day just
to hear your name ♪
♪ Say say say ♪
♪ Well done well done ♪
♪ Well done I
wanna hear him say ♪
♪ Well done hear him say ♪
♪ You can come
on in my servant ♪
♪ Well done well done ♪
♪ Oh Lord oh Lord ♪
(upbeat music)
- I'm glad you came.
♪ Oh yeah oh ♪
♪ I just wanna hear him ♪
♪ Won't you ♪
♪ For me ♪
♪ Judah let me hear you praise ♪
It's gonna be cray dude, this
record I'm coming up with.
It's just a church anthem,
everybody can sing it.
It's real easy.
♪ Oh children ♪
♪ I came to praise ♪
♪ I got a
new praise for you ♪
♪ Jesus ♪
♪ God I got ♪
♪ This is for all the
crazy praisers right here ♪
♪ I've got a praise in me that's
gonna reach the heavenly ♪
♪ But I need somebody that is
not afraid to praise with me ♪
- Good morning people
out there, this is the
street coverage with Keynote
right here on Power 92.
Oh man, you will not believe
who just walked into my studio.
- What's up Brother Keynote?
- [Keynote] What's happening man?
- Chi Town street service all day baby.
- Now I watched you for real man.
I watched you go from
just Minister of Music
to number one on the charts.
How does that feel man?
- I don't how that feel man,
I'm trying to right now.
- Now, now we all know
what happened to you man.
And you're having a
concert in the same place.
- I got shut down.
- You got shut down.
Is that your way of
getting back at Bishop?
- We good now man.
As a matter of fact, he gonna
be at the concert tonight.
- Okay okay, and
I know you gonna do
the new single at the concert.
So here it is Chi Town, without any
further adieu, is my man
Dwight Hawkins with Judah.
♪ This is for all the
crazy praisers right here ♪
♪ I've got a praise in me that's
gonna reach the heavenly ♪
(congregation cheers and applauds)
- I am excited
to bring to the stage
this gentleman who can do it well.
Burning in his heart, not looking
for anything but just to praise Jesus.
Welcome him to the
stage now, here he is.
None other than Dwight Hawkins.
- Got a new praise for you Jesus.
Clap.
This is for all the crazy
praisers right here.
♪ I've got a praise in me that's
gonna reach the heavenly ♪
♪ But I need somebody that is
not afraid to praise with me ♪
♪ I've got to scream
I've got to shout ♪
♪ I've got to let it out ♪
♪ Wake up oh Zion this is
your time to praise him now ♪
♪ Oh Judah let me hear you
praise let me hear you praise ♪
♪ Oh oh Judah Judah oh Judah
let me hear you praise ♪
♪ Let me hear you
oh Judah Judah Judah ♪
♪ Oh Judah Judah Judah
let me hear you ♪
♪ Let me hear you praise ♪
♪ Praise praise praise praise ♪
♪ I feel like running feel like
lifting up my hands y'all ♪
♪ If you knew
what I've bin through ♪
♪ Then you would understand y'all ♪
♪ Some many times my God can
do he didn't let you fall ♪
♪ If you're a praiser come
on get up this is your call ♪
♪ Oh Judah Judah let me hear
you let me hear you praise ♪
♪ Get up on your feet ♪
♪ Oh Judah Judah let
me hear you praise ♪
♪ Oh Judah Judah oh
Judah oh Judah Judah ♪
♪ Let me hear you praise ♪
♪ Praise praise let me
hear it again y'all ♪
♪ Oh Judah Judah get
up on your feet ♪
♪ Let me hear you praise and
praise the Lord with me ♪
♪ Oh Judah Judah you
don't have to be ashamed ♪
♪ I'm up for grabs grabs ♪
♪ You messed with the wrong one ♪
♪ At the wrong time ♪
♪ You messed with
me and my family ♪
♪ You were the
fool to underestimate me ♪
♪ I've got angels
standing right beside me ♪
♪ I can start a war
with just one command ♪
♪ You don't know
just who I am ♪
♪ I am the one that's
gonna break your back and ♪
♪ Make you remember that
you ain't all that and ♪
♪ Devil you know what
I was born to do ♪
♪ Assassinate you and your demons too ♪
♪ I'm blessed I'm blessed ♪
♪ And you can't curse what
the Lord has blessed ♪
♪ Your voodoo won't work
cause I'm so blessed ♪
♪ I'm blessed I'm blessed ♪
♪ And you can't curse what
the Lord has blessed ♪
♪ Your spells won't work
cause I'm so blessed ♪
♪ You did it this time ♪
♪ I'm out for blood ♪
♪ You Jezebel tried
to wreck my life ♪
♪ Like the prophet Elijah ♪
♪ But it didn't work it
just took me higher ♪
♪ You ain't nothing
but a boldface liar ♪
♪ I'm going to be there when
God toss you in the fire ♪
♪ And I bind you in
the name of the Lord ♪
♪ We the people of God
ain't afraid no more ♪
♪ I've got the word in my
hand just like a knife ♪
♪ I'm going to cut everything
that's anti-Christ ♪
♪ I'm blessed I'm blessed ♪
♪ And you can't curse what
the Lord has blessed ♪
♪ Your voodoo won't work
cause I'm so blessed ♪
♪ I'm blessed I'm blessed ♪
♪ And you can't curse what
the Lord has blessed ♪
♪ Your spells won't work
cause I've been blessed ♪
♪ I show no mercy no mercy ♪
♪ The anointing is my TNT
and I'm about to detonate ♪
♪ You knew God's hand
was upon my life ♪
♪ You refused to cooperate ♪
♪ You messed with me you
mess with the father ♪
♪ I'm just getting hotter ♪
♪ Walking in power look at your
face you looking all sour ♪
♪ It's making you sick ♪
♪ You pulling out
your spells and tricks ♪
♪ You have to come
through my angels first ♪
♪ Now your curse has been reversed ♪
♪ And I'm suiting up
getting ready for war ♪
♪ I'm not taking no more ♪
♪ I'm not like the rest ♪
♪ Cause I'm so blessed ♪
♪ Hey oh oh
oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ Hey hey yeah yeah ♪
♪ Oh oh I am so blessed ♪